## 1. about

- with reference to
- As regards sth, …

## 2. because

- for the reason that
- owing to

## 3. beautiful

- gorgeous

- good-looking

## 4. sometimes

- every now and then
- betweentimes adv.
- at times
- occasionally

## 5. busy

- be engaged in sth. = busy with sth.

  与。。。商谈/会谈

- be as busy as a bee

## 6. talk

in conference with sb. = talk with sb. 

## 7. suggest

- recommend
- propose
- advise

## 8. help

- do sb. a favor
- give sb. a hand
- help sb. out

## 9. think

- be convinced that

- hold the view that

## 10. in order to

- in a bid to
- with the aim of
- for the sake of
- so as to

## 11. be ready for

- make full preparations for
- pave the way for
- lay a solid foundation for

## 12. important

- be of importance
- essential
- significant
- crucial
- vital

## 13. be useful / be good at

- be of great use / benefit / value

  This book will be of great use to you.

  这本书对你很管用。

- be beneficial / valuable / meaningful

## 14. like

- be fond of
- be keen on
- be crazy about
- be absorbed in
- be caught up in

## 15. can / be able to

- be capable of doing sth.
- have access to 
- be competent to do
- have the ability to do 
- be equipped with the ability to do

## 16. realize

- be aware of
- be conscious of

## 17. should do / need to do

- be supposed to
- ought to

## 18. get one's attention

- capture / grab / attract one's attention
- catch one's eyes

## 19. way

- approach
- method
- measure
- means

## 20. improve

- enhance
- promote
- boost

## 21. advantage

- merit
- upside
- virtue
- positive side

Each technique has its upsides and downsides.

每种技术都有优缺点。

## 22. disadvantage

- demerit
- downside
- negative side
- shortcoming

## 23. certainly

- definitely
- doubtless
- beyond question

## 24. popular

- prevalent

  We use mobile money which is quite prevalent in Kenya.

  我们使用在肯尼亚非常流行的移动货币。

- prevailing

- pervasive

- trending

## 25. good

- excellent
- outstanding
- superior
- decent

## 26. 





